[Docs] Sequin Stream how-to and reference (#594)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/reference/sinks/sequin-stream.mdx

- **Max ack pending**: The maximum number of messages that can be outstanding (i.e. in-flight but not yet acknowledged by your consumer group) at one time. This setting helps prevent your consumer group from getting overloaded with messages. Choose a value based on your consumer group's processing capacity.
- **Max waiting**: The maximum number of consumers that can be waiting to receive messages at one time. Once reached, subsequent `/receive` calls will block until a slot becomes available. This setting helps manage resource utilization and prevent excessive polling. Choose a value based on how many parallel consumers you expect to have in your consumer group.

You'll create a Sequin Stream sink for each database table you want to capture changes from. This means you'll also have one consumer group for each Sequin Stream sink and by extension, for each database table. We're working to support multiple tables per Sequin Stream sink, but this is not yet available.

## Consumer group pattern

> The [Sequin Stream API](/reference/sequin-stream-api) allows you to pull rows from your Sequin Streams using "consumer groups". Consumer groups for a Sequin Stream are like consumer groups in other streaming systems: providing scalable and fault-tolerant processing of your data.

Reviewer: Ah I see - for term intros we bold:

```suggestion
The [Sequin Stream API](/reference/sequin-stream-api) allows you to pull rows from your Sequin Streams using **consumer groups**. Consumer groups for a Sequin Stream are like consumer groups in other streaming systems. They provide a way to safely process data in parallel with exactly-once processing guarantees.
```

> In the consumer group pattern, each message (i.e. change or row from your database) goes to only one consumer in the group. If a consumer fails, other consumers can pick up its messages, making sure nothing is missed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the consumer group pattern, each message (i.e. change or row from your database) goes to only one consumer in the group. If a consumer fails, other consumers can pick up its messages, ensuring nothing is missed.
```

When you set up a Sequin Stream sink, Sequin provisions an HTTP endpoint for your consumer group to pull messages from using the Sequin Stream API:

```
https://api.sequinstream.com/api/http_pull_consumers/{{YOUR_SEQUIN_STREAM_SINK_NAME}}/
```

Key attributes of the consumer group pattern include:

- **Multiple consumers**: You can have many processes or workers (i.e. consumers) pulling from the same endpoint simultaneously.
- **Visibility timeout**: After receiving a batch of messages, a consumer has a configurable period to process them before they become available to other consumers.
- **Acknowledgment**: Consumers explicitly acknowledge processed messages to ensure exactly-once processing.

> - **Automatic retries**: If a consumer fails to process or acknowledge a batch, those messages become available for redelivery.

Reviewer: good

## Processing messages

There are three steps in the lifecycle of processing messages with a Sequin Stream:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Receive" icon="arrow-right-to-arc">
    Your consumer requests one or a batch of available messages from the consumer group by calling the `/receive` endpoint.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Process" icon="gear">
    Your consumer processes the received messages.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Ack or Nack" icon="arrow-left-from-arc">
    After processing, your consumer sends an acknowledgement (`ack`) for successfully processed messages or a negative acknowledgement (`nack`) for messages that couldn't be processed.
  </Step>
</Steps>

If a message is neither ack'd nor nack'd within the visibility timeout, Sequin automatically makes it available for other consumers in the group to process.

### Receive messages

The first step is to make a call to the [`/receive` endpoint](/reference/sequin-stream-api/receive) to get one or a batch of messages:

```bash
curl -X GET https://api.sequinstream.com/api/http_pull_consumers/{{YOUR_CONSUMER_NAME}}/receive?batch_size=10 \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer {your-token}"
```

> This will return a batch of messages. Each message will contain an `ack_id` and either a row or changes object:

Reviewer: This doc should show both the "typescript" shape as well as an example - see webhook sink reference
